 ## 📷 Service 3: Braille Image to Text

When "Try It" is clicked, redirect to the external deployed tool using this link: dd the following button to the third service, Braille Image to Text: <button class="btn btn-primary mt-3" onclick="window.location.href='https://upd-image-to-braille-1.onrender.com/';">Try It</button>
This way, when a user visits this service, they also have a way to go back to the homepage.For the "Read Aloud" feature in all three services: ### What this tool does:

Users can upload an image that contains Braille script (Braille dots).

The app should:

Analyze the Braille patterns in the image.

Recognize and convert those Braille dots into text.

Display the extracted text.

Add a "Read Aloud" button to speak the converted text aloud.

🛠 Technical Requirements:
The entire project must run via a single file: app.py using Flask.

Frontend: Use HTML/CSS/Bootstrap/JavaScript.

Backend: Use Python (Flask) with appropriate modules.

Design should be clean, responsive, and mobile-friendly.

The app should include:

Microphone access and speech recognition

Text-to-speech (read aloud) feature

Image upload with OCR

Braille conversion (Unicode Braille symbols)

Support for Hindi and English

Add an About Us page (keep it simple — brief info about the purpose or creator).

Ensure there's a “Back to Homepage” option on all service pages.

Add error handling for file upload failures or speech recognition issues.

Ensure the whole app is deployment-ready (especially on Render.com).

🔁 Final Notes:
This web app is part of an internship submission, so it must be:

Visually impressive and fully functional

Easy to use and accessible

Exactly matching the design and flow shown in the screenshots

Clean and efficient in code and structure

Please make sure there are no broken links, bugs, or placeholder features.

Improve it by adding a sound type that can distinguish and read Hindi text in Hindi and English text in English.

Make sure the "Read Aloud" works properly on Android Studio or emulator as well, since it doesn't function correctly there currently.

Ensure it works in the generated APK too.

Lastly, in the Image to Braille service (for Hindi image processing), improve the output a bit for better clarity and accuracy.